This is a TCP protocol based client-server program as described below.

Requirements:
1) Client program sends an identification number to the server
2) The server looks up the identification number in a table, 
   and the server returns a string associated with the identification number back to the client. 
3) The client should print the identification number and the string that is received from the server.
4) Both the client and server should verify that the identification number contains exactly 6 digits 
   and the client should read the number from the commandline.
5) The client should not initiate a request to the server if the identification number is invalid.
   (e.g., the wrong number of digits or characters other than 0-9).
6) The server should return a message indicating that the number is invalid if it is not found in the server’s table.
   For simplicity just generate a table with 5 identification numbers and return strings pairs for the server to use.
   

Implementation history of mp1client:
1) Base code downloaded from :
https://github.com/beejjorgensen/bgnet/tree/master/examples/client.c
2) Modified the code to accept identification (ID) number as a command line argument.
3) Added code to verify if the ID has only digits and is exactly of length 6.
4) Added code to send the “identification number” string to the server.
5) Added code to receive and validate the “message length” string sent by the server.
6) Based on the message length string, allocated the memory to receive the actual message from
   server.
7) Added code to receive and validate the “message” string sent by the server.
8) Added code to print the ID and message from server.
9) Added code to use recv() call in non blocking mode to read any additional data in the socket
   buffer.
10) Modified the code to achieve retry connection when server sends less data than as indicated in
   “message length” string.

System calls at Client:
send() ID---> recv() Msg Length --->Allocate Memory--->recv() Msg ---> printf() Msg

Implementation history of mp1server:
1) Base code downloaded from
   https://github.com/beejjorgensen/bgnet/tree/master/examples/server.c
2) Created a lookup table with ID numbers and their corresponding message strings.
3) Added code to receive and validate the “identification number” string sent by the client.
4) Based on the “identification number” string, generated the necessary “message length” string
   and “message” string to be sent to the client.
5) Added code to use send () call, which can be used to send data of any size in bytes.

System calls at Server:
recv() ID---> send() Msg Length --->Sleep() --->send() Msg
